chore: update changelog with new features and improvements for v1.5.2… (#284)
agno-agi/agno-docs: changelog/overview.mdx

## Bug Fixes:

- **MCP Client Timeout:** Client timeouts now work correctly and use the timeout set on parameters.
</Update>
<Update label="2025-05-20" description="v1.5.2">
## New Features:

- **Agno Apps (Beta)**: Introducing Agno Apps, convenience functions to assist with building production-ready applications. The first supported apps are:
    - `FastAPIApp` → A really simple FastAPI server that provides access to your `agent` or `team`.
    - `WhatsappAPIApp` → An app that implements the Whatsapp protocol allowing you to have an Agno agent running on Whatsapp. Supports image / audio / video input and can generate images as responses. Supports reasoning.
- **Couchbase Vector DB Support**: Added support for Couchbase as a vector DB for knowledge bases.
- **Knowledge Filters Update for Teams:** Filters (manual + agentic) can now be used with Teams.
- **Azure Cosmos DB for MongoDB (vCore) vector db support:**  In the MongoDB vector db class add support for cosmosdb mongo vcore support by enabling `cosmos_compatibility=True`
- **Google Big Query Tools**: Added Toolkit for Google BigQuery support.

> - **Async Support for s3 Readers: A**dd async support for `pdf` and `text` s3 readers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Async Support for s3 Readers:** Add async support for `pdf` and `text` s3 readers.
```
